c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\le\PhotoDiodo.exe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\be\PhotoDiodo.exe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\le\PhotoDiodo.pdb
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\be\PhotoDiodo.pdb
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\PhotoDiodo.exe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\PhotoDiodo.pdb
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\le\PhotoDiodo.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\le\PhotoDiodo.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\be\PhotoDiodo.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\be\PhotoDiodo.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Breakout.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Breakout.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Breakout.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.Breakout.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.dll
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Breakout.dll
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.dll
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpiderII.xml
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.Breakout.xml
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientEDP.xml
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\PhotoDiodo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\PhotoDiodo.Resources.resources
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\PhotoDiodo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\PhotoDiodo.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\be\PhotoDiodo.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\be\PhotoDiodo.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\le\PhotoDiodo.pe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\le\PhotoDiodo.pdbx
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\PhotoDiodo.exe
c:\users\nunxy\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PhotoDiodo\PhotoDiodo\obj\Debug\PhotoDiodo.pdb
